chore: add FAQ page prototype (#717)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: coding-challenges/faq-component/user-stories.md

> Fulfill the below user stories and get all of the tests to pass. Use whichever libraries or APIs you need. Give it your own personal style.

Reviewer: I would also update this intro to briefly explain what a FAQ is.

```suggestion
A frequently asked questions page is a collection of commonly asked questions and answers. This will help users find answers to common queries quickly without needing to reach out to customer support for help. 
```

> - I want to see a list of frequently asked questions so that I can find answers to common issues.
> 
> - I can click on a question to reveal the answer so that I can read it when needed.
> 
> - I can click the question again to hide the answer so that the page remains clean and easy to navigate.
> 
> - I want to see a visual cue (e.g., an arrow or highlight) when a question is expanded so that I know which question is currently active.
> 
> - I want the expanding and collapsing of answers to be smooth so that the experience feels natural and user-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I should see a list of frequently asked questions with answers. 

- I can click on a question to reveal the answer.

- I can click the question again to hide the answer so that the page remains clean and easy to navigate.

- The first answer should be revealed by default while the others remain hidden. 

- I should see a visual cue (e.g., an arrow or highlight) when a question is expanded so that I know which question is currently active.

- The expanding and collapsing of answers should be smooth so the experience feels natural and user-friendly.
```

A frequently asked questions page is a collection of commonly asked questions and answers. This will help users find answers to common queries quickly without needing to reach out to customer support for help. 

- I should see a list of frequently asked questions with answers. 

- I can click on a question to reveal the answer.

- I can click the question again to hide the answer so that the page remains clean and easy to navigate.

- The first answer should be revealed by default while the others remain hidden. 

- I should see a visual cue (e.g., an arrow or highlight) when a question is expanded so that I know which question is currently active.

> - The expanding and collapsing of answers should be smooth so the experience feels natural and user-friendly.

Reviewer: If we are going to include this user story, then the solution needs to be updated to show that smooth transition when the answer is revealed and hidden.

Author: I decided to remove it.
